https://codepen.io/dogwoodgroves/pen/OJbRPdR

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Descriptive html for accessibility purposes.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    It is used for the structure of our websites. 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute is used to provide specific information about an HTML element. We put it in the start tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? 
    It is a header tag. Once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. 
    Anchor tags and img tags.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
     A header tag.
    7. What is an id? 
    An HTML attribute that specifies a unique id to an HTML element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
    The majority of elements.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    Ideally once. 
    10. What is a class?
    An attribute used establish one or more classnames for an element.
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
    Any HTML element. 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    Idefinitely. 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    use an <a _blank> tag / attribute.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
    Accessibility purposes. 
    15. How do I reference an id?
    id="idnamehere"
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
    Section conveys that the content within it is grouped. Div conveys nothing aside from class, lang, etc. attributes.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    To style HTML elements.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page.
    .h2 or .elementname
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    One is meant to identify and refer to the document, the other one is meant to identify and refer to elements.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .classname {}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    A useful tool for establishing a hierarchy for grouped content. Useful for establishing grouped content.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidebar {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A psuedo-class used to define a specific state of an element.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform:captialize. text-transform:lowercase. text-transform:uppercase.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    .div {border:1px dotted black;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
    CTRL+A (JK) it's actually *.  
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    cd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    rm filename. Because it won't give you a confirmation and you can accidentally delete your work. 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    To establish best practice and allow PM's to compartmentalize / isolate / troubleshoot code and create failsafe redundancy.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Routinely.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
    Fork repo, git clone url, cd into folder, code, git checkout -b first-last, git add ., git commit -m, git push-u origin first-last, create pull request, turn PR link into canvas.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 